Miss Zhou, this is the design museum electronic card you want.
Please, Master Gott
Not hard
Mr. Fang has already said hello to the design museum
Have fun.
If there's nothing else, I'll go back to work first. Okay
Walk slowly, Gott Lord, walk slowly
Does anyone still dare to question my identity?
Don't dare don't dare
Madam and Feng always have such a good relationship
Those who climb the dragon and attach the phoenix with the door-minded thinking
You must be jealous and your eyes are red
I'm telling the truth.
Where is jealousy
Please stop talking, ma'am
Your workstation is ready for you.
Let's go upstairs.
Come on.
Madam, can you take us to the design museum?
Anyone who doesn't want to go can go
Thank you ma'am
OK
What's the matter? Are you unhappy on your first day at work?
I ask you
What's your relationship with that Zhou Yaru?